
# Number Guessing Game

## Description

This is a simple number guessing game where the user tries to guess a random number generated by the computer. The user has a limited number of attempts to guess the correct number within a specified range.

## Installation

To play the game, you need to have Node.js installed on your computer. Then, you can install the game by following these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

    ```
    git clone <repository-url>
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```
    cd number-guessing-game
    ```

3. Install the dependencies:

    ```
    npm install
    ```

## Usage

To start the game, run the following command in your terminal:

```
npm start
```

Follow the prompts to enter your name and guess the random number.

## How to Contribute

Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to this project, you can follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature`)
3. Make your changes
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature`)
6. Create a new Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgements

- This game was created using [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer).
- Special thanks to [Bilal Waleed](https://github.com/bilalwaleed) for developing this game.

---

You can modify this template according to your specific project details and preferences. Let me know if you need further assistance!